Mark Smith is a student at a vocational school, a school where people learn how to do many
of the jobs that are needed in modern society.
After I finished secondary school, my results showed that I was better at doing things than
at reading books.
I had to decide how I wanted to make a living in the future.
I'm the sort of person who is good at making things with my hands, so I chose to go to vocational
school.
Now, he learns how to repair machines.
Everyone needs a skill that is useful if they want a good life, and I like learning
about how things work, he says.
Mark tells people that he is very happy about his choice.
Now I can study the things that I like best.
Everyone wants to study what they are good at, don't they?
He believes that he has a bright future ahead of him.
You can't have a society where everyone works in an office.
Workers who can make things and repair things will always be needed.
When people ask Mark what he is most interested in, he smiles.
Plains.
I don't know why I've always loved machines that fly, but I do.
One day, I'm going to help repair the planes that carry people all over the world.